improvements to 'non-graceful' interrupt to ensure WARCs are still closed gracefully (#504)
webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler: docs/docs/user-guide/common-options.md

### Periodic State Saving

When the `--saveState` is set to always, Browsertrix Crawler will also save the state automatically during the crawl, as set by the `--saveStateInterval` setting. The crawler will keep the last `--saveStateHistory` save states and delete older ones. This provides extra backup, in the event that the crawl fails unexpectedly or is not terminated via Ctrl-C, several previous crawl states are still available.

## Crawl Interruption Options

Browsertrix Crawler has different crawl interruption modes, and does everything it can to ensure the WARC data written is always valid when a crawl is interrupted. The following are three interruption scenarios:

### 1. Graceful Shutdown

> Initiated when a single SIGINT (Ctrl+C) or SIGTERM (`docker kill -s SIGINT`, `docker kill -s SIGTERM`, `kill`) signal received

Author: ```suggestion
Initiated when a single SIGINT (Ctrl+C) or SIGTERM (`docker kill -s SIGINT`, `docker kill -s SIGTERM`, `kill`) signal is received.
```

> The crawler will attempt to finish current pages, finish any pending async requests, write all WARCS, generate WACZ files
> and other post-processing, save state from Redis and then exit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
he crawler will attempt to finish current pages, finish any pending async requests, write all WARCS, generate WACZ files and other post-processing, save state from Redis, and then exit.
```

Removed unnecessary line break and added Oxford comma

> Initiated when a single SIGINT (Ctrl+C) or SIGTERM (`docker kill -s SIGINT`, `docker kill -s SIGTERM`, `kill`) signal is received.
> The crawler will attempt to finish current pages, finish any pending async requests, write all WARCS, generate WACZ files
> and other post-processing, save state from Redis and then exit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initiated when a single SIGINT (Ctrl+C) or SIGTERM (`docker kill -s SIGINT`, `docker kill -s SIGTERM`, `kill`) signal is received.

The crawler will attempt to finish current pages, finish any pending async requests, write all WARCS, generate WACZ files and finish other post-processing, save state from Redis, and then exit.
```

### 2. Less-Graceful, Quick Shutdown

If a second SIGINT / SIGTERM is received, the crawler will close the browser immediately, interrupting any on-going network requests.

> Any pending network requests will not be awaited. However, anything in the WARC queue will be written and WARC files will be flushed.

Author: ```suggestion
Any asynchronous fetching will not be finished. However, anything in the WARC queue will be written and WARC files will be flushed.
```

> WACZ files and other post-processing will not be generated, but the state will be saved in Redis.

Author: ```suggestion
WACZ files and other post-processing will not be generated, but the current state from Redis will still be saved if enabled (see above).
```

> If a second SIGINT / SIGTERM is received, the crawler will close the browser immediately, interrupting any on-going network requests.
> Any pending network requests will not be awaited. However, anything in the WARC queue will be written and WARC files will be flushed.
> WACZ files and other post-processing will not be generated, but the state will be saved in Redis.
> WARC files should still be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a second SIGINT / SIGTERM is received, the crawler will close the browser immediately, interrupting any ongoing network requests. Any pending network requests will not be awaited. However, anything in the WARC queue will be written and WARC files will be flushed. WACZ files and other post-processing will not be generated, but the state will be saved in Redis. WARC files should still be valid.
```

> WARC files should still be valid.

Author: ```suggestion
WARC records should be fully finished and WARC file should be valid, though not necessarily contain all the data for the pages being processed during the interruption.
```

> If a second SIGINT / SIGTERM is received, the crawler will close the browser immediately, interrupting any on-going network requests.
> Any asynchronous fetching will not be finished. However, anything in the WARC queue will be written and WARC files will be flushed.
> WACZ files and other post-processing will not be generated, but the current state from Redis will still be saved if enabled (see above).
> WARC records should be fully finished and WARC file should be valid, though not necessarily contain all the data for the pages being processed during the interruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a second SIGINT / SIGTERM is received, the crawler will close the browser immediately, interrupting any on-going network requests. Any asynchronous fetching will not be finished. However, anything in the WARC queue will be written and WARC files will be flushed. WACZ files and other post-processing will not be generated, but the current state from Redis will still be saved if enabled (see above). WARC records should be fully finished and WARC files should be valid, though they may not contain all the data for the pages being processed during the interruption.
```

### 3. Violent / Immediate Shutdown

If a crawler is killed, eg. with SIGKILL signal (`docker kill`, `kill -9`), the crawler container / process will be immediately shut down. It will not have a chance to finish any WARC files, and there is no guarantee that WARC files will be valid, but the crawler will of course exit right away.

### Recommendations

> It is recommended to graceful stop the crawler by sending a SIGINT or SIGTERM signal, which can be done via Ctrl+C or `docker kill -s SIGINT <containerid>`. Repeating the command will result in a faster, slightly less-graceful shutdown.

Author: ```suggestion
It is recommended to gracefully stop the crawler by sending a SIGINT or SIGTERM signal, which can be done via Ctrl+C or `docker kill -s SIGINT <containerid>`. Repeating the command will result in a faster, slightly less-graceful shutdown.
```

> Kubernetes also uses SIGTERM by default when shutting down container pods. Using SIGKILL is not recommended

Author: ```suggestion
Using SIGKILL is not recommended
```

> It is recommended to graceful stop the crawler by sending a SIGINT or SIGTERM signal, which can be done via Ctrl+C or `docker kill -s SIGINT <containerid>`. Repeating the command will result in a faster, slightly less-graceful shutdown.
> Kubernetes also uses SIGTERM by default when shutting down container pods. Using SIGKILL is not recommended
> except for last resort, and only when data is to be discarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to graceful stop the crawler by sending a SIGINT or SIGTERM signal, which can be done via Ctrl+C or `docker kill -s SIGINT <containerid>`. Repeating the command will result in a faster, slightly less-graceful shutdown. Kubernetes also uses SIGTERM by default when shutting down container pods.

Using SIGKILL is not recommended except for last resort, and only when data is to be discarded.
```

> except for last resort, and only when data is to be discarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to gracefully stop the crawler by sending a SIGINT or SIGTERM signal, which can be done via Ctrl+C or `docker kill -s SIGINT <containerid>`. Repeating the command will result in a faster, slightly less-graceful shutdown.

Using SIGKILL is not recommended except for last resort, and only when data is to be discarded.
```
